[Music]
twelve life questions you've always
wanted the answers to you know how
sometimes certain random questions just
pop up in your head you think about them
for a while but never actually bother to
find the right answer lucky for you we
found the answers to some of the most
popular questions everybody's asked
themselves at least once in their life
so let's finally get to the truth but
before we do that don't forget to
subscribe to our Channel and turn on
notifications this way you'll always be
the first to see all our new videos
number twelve we've all been so tired
that we just start to doze off in front
of the TV our heavy eyelids are now
light as a feather and we can't sleep at
all sounds like my every night the
reason for this is simpler than you
think when we're zoning out to some show
on the tube we're so relaxed that our
brain stops analysing things that
normally would add the monotonous hum of
sounds coming from the TV and you've got
the perfect sleeping pill yet when
you're lying in bed there are constantly
some personal stresses or other random
thoughts coming to your head out of the
blue sometimes even resulting in those
three o'clock in the morning Google
search marathons so if you really want
to get some sleep
try emptying your head easier said than
done I know but it works number eleven
our cells are constantly renewing
themselves right at least that's what
our biology teachers in school taught us
so if that's true why do our scars and
tattoos stay with us forever
well that's because some cells like the
epidermis are constantly replacing
themselves but scars and tattoos are
connected to a deeper layer of skin
called the dermis which is renewed way
slower it does still regenerate though
which is why scars get less and less
noticeable with time and tattoos fade a
bit that's the magic of skin renewal for
you
number ten this one is a bit strange but
it's still interesting to put it bluntly
do babies poop in the womb and if they
do where does solve the duty go let's
shed some light on the matter you see a
two month old fetus already produces
urine which is expelled into the
amniotic fluid yep we all swarm in our
own pee it sounds disgusting and even
dangerous but it's completely harmless
for the baby when it comes to number two
this usually happens when the baby is
already born but it can happen before
that especially with babies born
post-term and this isn't very good for
the baby because it can still hurt its
little lungs thankfully this is a rare
occurrence but still let's move on to a
brighter subject shall we number nine
being an astronaut would be so cool
wouldn't it I mean who wouldn't want to
fly on a spaceship out in the cosmos
it's such a vastly different profession
and way of life from what we know and
we've got all sorts of questions for
example what timezone do astronauts on
the ISS use to put it simply they don't
really use a time zone but something
called coordinated Universal Time this
is basically a primary time standard
which the world uses to regulate clocks
and time back in the day using UTC was
convenient for both the USSR and the US
and it stayed that way to this very day
number eight have you ever wondered why
animals can drink water from different
rivers and puddles and be just fine but
if we do the same we can get seriously
ill it might be a random question but
it's still interesting to find out this
happens simply because our immune system
isn't that strong and can't handle stuff
like that Plus whoever said that animals
don't get sick after some time their
intestines are often full of parasites
and that's usually a result of drinking
dirty water so the importance of clean
water certainly shouldn't be
underestimated
number seven crying is almost
therapeutic don't you think
it helps us release all the emotions
building inside us for so long but why
do we cry when we're sad and how our
emotions connected to our tear ducts and
why does all that soppy snots start
coming out our nose so when were
shedding tears so many questions but
don't worry we've got the answers to all
of them crying actually comes from our
ancestors it was mainly their way to
signal for help they later started to
release their inner pain and hurt
through their tears just like we do
today
a good cry also serves as a breathing
exercise that helps us deal with stress
and when it comes to slimy snot it's
also tears
well tears that make their exit through
your nose and step through your tear
ducts
mr. Esau number six if you're a junk
food junkie on a diet you probably ask
yourself this question every day why do
we love unhealthy food so much it's not
even a question whether cake or a
hamburger is delicious for most people
they just are so what's the deal again
this goes back to our ancestors they
didn't really have a whole lot of
options when it came to having a meal
it was either plants or meat and
obviously they always went for the meat
since it provides more energy there was
no concept of a healthy balanced diet
back then that's why even though we now
have endless choices
this ancient habit still remains a part
of us and it's up to you to decide
whether you'll give in to your instincts
or make conscientious choices number
five
our body is truly fascinating in full of
mystery like why is it that we can
easily walk a couple of miles yet we get
so uncomfortable from just standing for
10 or 15 minutes true story right well
first off there are valves in the veins
of our legs that get filled with blood
when we walk that blood gets pushed out
thanks to muscle activity but when we
just stand still the valves keep getting
filled with more and more blood until
they expand which is where that
uncomfortable feeling comes from so if
you ever have to stand still for a while
try to shake your legs from time to time
or flex and relax your leg muscles
we'll help you avoid that unpleasant
feeling number four
okay back to the dark questions we know
about lung cancer breast cancer and all
other kinds of cancer but is their heart
cancer I've never actually heard about
it have you believe it or not it is a
legit type of cancer
it just happens very rarely cancer is
basically a process of abnormal cell
growth which can potentially spread to
other parts of the body but the cardiac
muscle cells stopped growing quite early
which is why you don't hear about heart
cancer so much number three every
language has its own unique alphabet and
there's one particular mystery in the
English one why is the W called a W and
not a double V that would have made much
more sense right not many people know
this but at first V was written like you
because the ancient Romans didn't have
the letters W and V in their writing
system so W looked like to use sitting
next to each other or uu hence the name
W the written form changed but the
pronunciation stayed the same number two
you've been asked if you're a robot
haven't you no I mean like on the
internet you probably understand the
logic behind those complicated visual
tasks like type the letter word
combination which is always impossible
to make out even if you are a human but
what about those simple little boxes you
check that say I am NOT a robot I mean
if a robot is smart enough to navigate a
website can't it just click that box and
keep chugging along well when you click
that button Google receives tons of your
information such as your location IP
address even data on your cursor
movement among other things special
algorithms analyze all of this info and
less than a second and can tell if you
are a program or a person props the
technological achievement at all but
creepy all the same number one and now
the most important
question plaguing all of humanity why is
it so dang hard to pour water straight
into a cup without it running down the
pitcher and spilling on the table okay
maybe we're just joking on the
seriousness of this question but it's
it's still kind of interesting there's
actually a scientific explanation for it
something called the Cowan Ave effect
it's kind of a weird-looking word and
it's not particularly easy to pronounce
either but it's a lot simpler than you
might think
this is a tendency of a fluid stream to
stay attached to a convex surface if the
liquid flow is heavy everything's
alright but when it's light the water
starts running down the tea pot and
right onto the table we tend to pour our
liquids and chaotic heavy flow light
flow spurts but that's the exact
opposite of what you should do just pour
it with the same level of stability and
problem solved which of these answers
did you find most surprising let us know
in the comments section below and this
is actually a bit of a first for me but
I don't have a closing paragraph like I
usually do so I just want to say thanks
so much guys for watching bright side
all ten million plus of you are amazing
we'll see you soon and don't forget to
always stay on the bright side of life I
always do that in my head when I finish
these
[Music]